# Team 18 Meeting Minutes for Friday, May 12

## Details

Location: Giesel 1st East
Time: Friday, May 12 4:00pm
Meeting Type: Reworking our Pitch

### Attendance
- Grant
- Brian
- Pramesh
- Kavi
- Shuyi
- Fangyu
- Damaris
- Yulei
- 


### Agenda / Tasks
- [ ] Delegation of work
- [ ] Assigning the issues to people

## Minutes

### Links to Important Documents
- [Google Docs with more details](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JezWzzdS7xpDPmtYzGWAP4wgzL_Lw-7Lxp0NKwXPNgI/edit#)

### Topics Discussed in meeting
- Things to delegate
  - Brainstorming and creating assets
  - Make some visual stuff
  - Look for ideas on how to create the backend
- Subteams
  - Create slack channels for each subteam
- Standups
  - Once or twice every 2 weeks

### Team Delegation (Subteams)
- Creative Team
  - Need to do creating assets and stuff like that
  - **Members**
    - Grant
    - Brian
- Code Generation
  - Need to set up coding guidelines and the coding architecture
  - **Members**
    - Shuyi
    - Fangyu
    - Kavi
    - Damaris
    - Jessie
- CI/CD Team
  - Need a CI/CD pipeline and a testing pipeline
  - **Members**
    - Grant
    - Pramesh
    - Yulei
- Management Team
  - Work on managing the different teams and making sure that everything works properly
  - **Members**
    - Brian
    - Pramesh

### Action Items
- Thursday of next week
  - Have a good roadmap
    - Good testing resources done
    - Coding styles down
    - Have a good idea of what assets that we can use for the app
    - Don't *have* to code this week as long as we know how we are going to load forward
- By the end of next week
  - Present to everyone what we've done
- CI/CD
  - Establish a coding guideline for everyone
    - ESLINT
    - Automatic builds (netlify?)
    - Branch protection
    - prod/dev branch
    - For each issue we assign it to a new branch
    - Setup issue/PR templates
    - PR to dev, and then merge dev to prod
    - Look into code quality tools
- Creative
  - Figure out figma designs (better mockup) by **Tuesday**
  - Better pictures and stuff
  - Video for tea pouring
  - Figure out what artstyle we want
  - Have a mockup video for devs
  - Have some design guidelines
- Dev
  - Figure out how to do the tea leaf reading
  - Research and make site responsive
  - Talk amongst selves and make sure everyone is familiar with responsive websites

Meeting ended at 5:00pm

