# Team 18 Meeting Minutes for Tuesday, May 30

## Details

Location: WongAvery Library 104
Time: Tuesday, May 30 6:30pm
Meeting Type: Work Meeting

### Attendance

-   Grant
-   Brian
-   Pramesh (Baguette)
-   Damaris
-   Kavi
-   Shuyi
-   Yulei
-   Fangyu
-   Jessie
-   Emily

### Agenda / Tasks

-   Demo Video

## Minutes

### Topics Discussed in meeting

-   Current state of the app
-   Function of pipeline
-   Health of team

### Current State

-   Everything works pretty well for mobile
-   Some modifications to the transitions and styling need to be made but the demo is pretty good
-   Might want to tweak the animation times at some point

### Function of Pipeline

-   Leader creates tickets and passes it on to dev
-   CI-CD has set up linting, code quality (security and quality with CodeQL), Codacy, JSDocs and Changelogs
-   CD - Netlify with deploy previews setup

### Health of Team

-   Meeting twice a week (or more) for team meetings in person
-   Clearly communicateand ask for help when we need it
-   We haven't fought yet
-   We feel psychologically safe
-   Can depend on each other and have clear structure and clarity

Meeting ended at 8:00pm.
